README.md, before:

# generic Ada runtime implementation

## directory structure

 - `src/`: ada runtime sources

## required environment

### external symbols

The following symbols are required to be provided by the platform. They are platform dependent and should not be implemented here:

 - `raise_ada_exception` is a `void func(char *name, char *message)` that gets the exceptions name and message (may be null pointers with the current implementation) and propagates them
 - `warn_unimplemented_function` is a `void func(char *message)` warning message that is called in not or incompletely implemented functions
 - `__gnat_malloc` is a `void *func(size_t size)` allocator that returns a pointer to a allocated chunk of memory of size `size`
 - `__gnat_free` is a `void func(void *ptr)` that frees the memory allocated by `__gnat_malloc`
 - `__gnat_unhandled_terminate` is a ` void func()` that is called if an unhandled exception occurs
 - `allocate_secondary_stack` is a `void *func(void *thread, size_t size)` that allocates a secondary stack of size `size` for thread `thread` (which can be either a pointer to a stack object or a stack identifier)
 - `get_thread` is a `void *func()` that returns the current thread (should be consistent to the implementation of `thread` in `allocate_secondary_stack`)

Commit message:

Add POSIX implementation of platform-specific runtime part

README.md, after:

# generic Ada runtime implementation

## directory structure

 - `src/`: ada runtime sources
 - `platform/`: sources of platform-specific part of ada runtime (contains POSIX implementation used for tests)

## required environment

### external symbols

The following symbols are required to be provided by the platform. They are platform dependent and should not be implemented here:

 - `raise_ada_exception` is a `void func(char *name, char *message)` that gets the exceptions name and message (may be null pointers with the current implementation) and propagates them
 - `warn_unimplemented_function` is a `void func(char *message)` warning message that is called in not or incompletely implemented functions
 - `__gnat_malloc` is a `void *func(size_t size)` allocator that returns a pointer to a allocated chunk of memory of size `size`
 - `__gnat_free` is a `void func(void *ptr)` that frees the memory allocated by `__gnat_malloc`
 - `__gnat_unhandled_terminate` is a ` void func()` that is called if an unhandled exception occurs
 - `allocate_secondary_stack` is a `void *func(void *thread, size_t size)` that allocates a secondary stack of size `size` for thread `thread` (which can be either a pointer to a stack object or a stack identifier)
 - `get_thread` is a `void *func()` that returns the current thread (should be consistent to the implementation of `thread` in `allocate_secondary_stack`)
